Speaker 1  0:00  
What about the natural environment or the sort of landscape of boundaries? Are there things that you particularly like or value about the environment here or, or don't like about the environment,

Betty  0:13  
I have mixed feelings about that. And in terms of one thing we see right here, we have lots of foxes trying to leave in the little bit of woods we have left and you see them on the road all the time, or they've been killed. And I wish we had areas that that wildlife could see you grow and not be in danger of being here on the highway. And then on the other side, I really wish we have places for the young folks to be able to, at least for a short time, or until they could get on their feet to be able to afford their own homes, place for them to be able to live. And there's not a whole lot of that down here. Affordable anyway, when you buy a piece of land, and you've spent just about all or your money or just on the land sale. In that respect, you know, just small communities, not the big condos, and not the base stuff, just homes that our children or other folks in the community, their children can at least afford to live. I don't want it to grow, where we have all the condos. And I'm very fearful that we've already stepped over that particular bridge, and we're all in that way. But we still have a small community atmosphere, family oriented church, where I grew up well with the church still go to the same church and not have just not not industry, but big condos, big developments that don't look like what we grew up in. And being able to go to the shore and we have still have our waterfront lot and be able to go down there. And water is nice, and it still looks natural. And the one thing that that maybe we all don't really talk enough about down here is to keeping the waters clean. I mean, we can certainly play a big part in that and doing what we can to to not pollute it. But if we lose that part of it, then there are many businesses down here that will lose everything they have as well. So the water is very important. And we just keep some wood wooded area available for the wildlife that still lives around here. To me that's important. To offset that with places for us to live is a is a big problem.

Paul  2:43  
Thing is what she was saying a little while ago. I think we're permitted the day at our state and our county has come in and it actually ties your hands in a fashion. I don't mean to go down and you can put a sewer system in. That's not up to a standard of what it has to be. But I'm talking about when it cost two or 300, 400, or $500 for permits before you even start digging a hole for septic system which cost you maybe six or $7,000 is very few of the I say the kids that are trying to live here can't afford that because in areas nothing for them to maintain a good salary

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
