Unknown Speaker  0:00  
What would be your vision for the communities and the people their needs, and also what would be your vision for the land and the landscape damage, or the environment, generally land and water.

Helen  0:13  
I don't want to sacrifice one for the sake of the other. I don't want you to walk away here, you know, thinking that I want to sacrifice our land, our environment, our resources, for the sake of lustica, you know, an affordable house that, you know, that college graduate can afford  that misconception, I don't think that we, I don't think that we need to sacrifice one for the other, I think there has to be a balance. Because we do have I don't know of any other area that you can go and you can see as much wetlands, you know, the marsh, you know, the primary nursery areas that we have in this county. And I don't think that we need to sacrifice that for the sake of affordable housing or development or business or whatever you want to call it. But I think that we need to find that happy balance in between where we can have both.

Unknown Speaker  1:19  
So what do you see as opportunities for obstacles to achieving that, that good balance? I mean, what what are some things that give you some hope that we could get there? And then what are some things that you think are some sort of problems or issues that we're going to have to overcome to get there?

Helen  1:35  
I think, I think that there are some developers that do have some good visions, I don't think that they all need to be jumped into one great big, you know, they're developer, ooh, you know, let's just, you know, avoid them. Um, but there are some developments, that it's just that once again, it's going to be a development, they're gonna, you know, come in, make their money, they're gonna leave, but what have they left? As far as progress or left, really, for the local people? There have been some developments like that. And that's where I think some of the problems have come in with local people with some issues with development is that some of the development is like, the developer comes in here. They make their money and they leave and you know, it's like, they don't care the effect that it's had on the environment or within the community. So I think that may be where some of the hard feelings you know, have come in or the lack of, I don't wanna say hard Valence. No, that's someone want to say the resistance. Maybe

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
